Add event responder tasks for all src directories in assign_ownership.yml and update onboarding guide (#2681)
dotnet/dotnet: docs/Repository-Onboarding.md

The VMR has restrictions on allowed licenses.
Before the code flow PR is merged, queue a run of the [license scan pipeline](https://dev.azure.com/dnceng/internal/_build?definitionId=1490) (internal Microsoft link) to validate the repo complies with the [license policy](./VMR-Permissible-Sources.md#license-policy).

### Step 5: Update Ownership Assignment Policy

> Consider adding an entry in `/.github/policies/assign_ownership.yml` to automatically assign reviewers when changes are detected in your repository's source directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add an entry in `/.github/policies/assign_ownership.yml` to automatically assign reviewers when changes are detected in your repository's source directory.
```

Consider enabling [repo level VMR PR validation](https://github.com/dotnet/arcade/blob/main/Documentation/VmrValidation.md) as either an optional or required check.

> ### Step 8: Update Ownership Assignment Policy

Reviewer: @copilot, this should be moved up to step 5.  It should be done before the VMR PR is merged.
